Now let's look at how to stream data into our Kinesis data
stream. Inside of data.py, we'll be copying and pasting some of
the lines from data.py to import the rest of the dependencies
we'll need for this script.
These will be a bunch of built‑in libraries inside of Python 3.
Now after we import these dependencies,
we're going to set up what we want our stream to be called.
In this case,
I want to call it sales because we'll have our product sales data in it,
so I'm going to set a variable called stream_name equal to sales. And
then we're going to create a Kinesis client,
in this case by using the boto3.client method to create a
Kinesis client in the region of us‑east‑1.
Now, make sure that if you're doing this, when you go over to the AWS console,
if you're creating your client in us‑east‑1, that inside of the AWS
console you have N. Virginia selected for us‑east‑1,
and not one of the other AWS regions.
If you need to use one of the other regions,
you'll have to make sure that everything is supported the same way
for the Kinesis streams as it is in us‑east‑1.
It's likely that it is,
but I don't want to waste too much time looking at this in different regions.
So, now that we've created this Kinesis client in us‑east‑1,
we're going to use it to create a stream.
We'll use the Kinesis.create_stream method,
and then we'll use the stream_name we defined earlier,
as well as setting a ShardCount, in this case equal to 1,
which is the minimal amount of capacity we can assign to this stream.
Now remember that Kinesis streams aren't necessarily
included in the AWS free tier,
so be sure to delete these resources when we're done with this demo.
I'll show you how towards the end.
So, in order to create the stream, we can just run this operation here,
and we should get a response that says, okay,
this request was successful.
In this case, you can tell this by looking at the HTTPStatusCode of 200.
Now, once this request has gone through, we can go back to the AWS console.
Now, we won't initially see the data stream until we refresh the page,
because right now it needs to be creating the data stream in the background.
Now, it's possible that if we take too long,
it might already be an active stream,
but you might also see this in the creating state.
So, as soon as it's done and is in the active stream,
and there's no issues with the creation process,
then we can go on to the next step.
Now, this might take up to a few minutes,
so just make sure you go back to the AWS console and confirm
it's in the active state before you continue.
Now back in my VS Code editor, we can move on to the next step,
which will be to create a function that's going to put
data inside of the Kinesis stream.
Inside of here,
it's going to allow us to create a record with a sale_id that
is a randomly generated uuid; a timestamp,
which will be an epoch value; and a product_sold value,
which will just be a random.choice from one of these products that we expect
these online vendors to be able to sell for Globomantics.
Now, the rest of what it's doing is determining a number of items
that are associated with that particular product,
so are you buying 3 jeans or 1 jean or 2 shirts or something else like that.
From here, it runs the kinesis.put_record operation with the stream_name,
which is the stream_name we defined earlier, and then it dumps out the
record that we just created in this function and it sends it into a
particular partition inside of the Kinesis stream.
So, that's really it.
It goes in and creates a random piece of data and then sends it over to Kinesis.
So let's copy this entire function and put it into our terminal here. Inside
of our Python interpreter, we'll paste it in and hit Enter,
and this will have us use this function later on.
So now, on line 43, we can actually have this go through and send a bunch
of different automatically generated records into our stream to mimic the
sales of products inside of a web back end.
Now keep your terminal open here,
and in the next video we'll start sending data into Kinesis data streams using this function.